Questions 

Have you ever traveled with a group of people? 
Where’d you go? 
Did you plan the trip ahead of time? How did you go about doing that?
Did your trip go to plan? How did you feel about your overall experience with that plan?
Were there any possible ways of improving that experience?
Did you face any problems during the trip?

How did you communicate with your group?
Tell us about any issues you faced with communication.
Was there a time when someone in the group was confused about the plan? How?
How did you find a place to stay? 
Were there any websites or apps that helped you find a place to stay? 
Tell us about any issues you faced with booking your hotel. 
How did you find a place to eat? 
Were there any websites or apps that helped you find this place? 
Tell us about your experience in finding something to eat or any issues that you faced. 
Did you visit any sites of attraction during the trip?
Which sites of attraction did you visit?
How did you find out about these attractions? Apps? Websites?
Were there any issues finding different locations of attraction?
Tell us about any resources you wish were available to find more attractions nearby.
How did you organize your plan? 
Tell us about any organization tools you used. Calendars? Lists? Messages?
Tell us about any problems that you encountered with the tools you used. Was it disorganized or hard to follow? Tell us about any way it could have been prevented.

What if there were an app or website designed to streamline trip planning, integrating features for booking hotels, discovering dining options, and locating attractions? Additionally, imagine if it facilitated group communication and organization with shared calendars, all within a single platform.

Is there any way this tool could be improved further? What are some other features that you would like to include? 



How do you ever book a trip with multiple people? 
If yes, 
	
Tell me about how you plan a trip with a group of people. 
If no, 
	Ask why?




*We are working on a project. We would like to ask you some questions about trip planning. 

Tell me about your experience. (then ask more questions after this)
What did you like about the experience
What did you not like about it? 

Start with “Tell me about …. “ 
Then ask them with the 5 W 


Tell me about  (use 5w )
What did you like about it (what went well)
Is there anything you didn’t like about it 
Is there anyone else you recommend I could talk to? (referral)
We are working on this…. Can I follow up with you if appropriate? 




